Issue#325branch (#333)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

A Verifier uses the Evidence, any Reference Values from Reference Value Providers, and any Endorsements from Endorsers,
by applying an Appraisal Policy for Evidence to assess the trustworthiness of the Attester.
This procedure is called the appraisal of Evidence.
Subsequently, the Verifier generates Attestation Results for use by Relying Parties.

The Appraisal Policy for Evidence might be obtained from the Verifier Owner,  

> and/or is configured into the Verifier by the Verifier Owner, 

Reviewer: These two are the same thing.  Also this change doesn't appear to be related to issue #325

and/or is programmed into the Verifier,
and/or might be obtained via some other mechanism.

A Relying Party uses Attestation Results by applying its own
appraisal policy to make application-specific decisions, such as authorization decisions.
This procedure is called the appraisal of Attestation Results.

The Appraisal Policy for Attestation Results might be obtained from the Relying Party Owner,  
and/or is configured into the Relying Party by the Relying Party Owner, 
and/or is programmed into the Relying Party,
and/or might be obtained via some other mechanism.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

See {{messages}} for further discussion of the conceptual messages shown in {{dataflow}}.
```

See {{privacy-considerations}} for more discussion.

# Conceptual Messages {#messages}

> The data format and semantics of conceptual messages are implementation specific.
> This architecture document does not define any
> general purpose data format for conceptual messages or a general means for comparison.
> Implementations of conceptual messages will define data formats, semantics and the means for comparison.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
{{dataflow}} illustrates the flow of a conceptual messages between various roles.
This section provides additional elaboration and implementation considerations.
It is the responsibility of protocol specifications to define the actual data format
and semantics of any relevant conceptual messages.
```

See {{privacy-considerations}} for more discussion.

# Conceptual Messages {#messages}
The data format and semantics of conceptual messages are implementation specific.
This architecture document does not define any
general purpose data format for conceptual messages or a general means for comparison.
Implementations of conceptual messages will define data formats, semantics and the means for comparison.

> 

Reviewer: For comparison, my PR had:

> {{dataflow}} illustrates the flow of a conceptual messages between various roles.
> This section provides additional elaboration and implementation considerations.
> It is the responsibility of protocol specifications to define the actual data format
> and semantics of any relevant conceptual messages.

Reviewer 3: Leaning a tad bit towards Dave's text. Ned's is also fine. My opinion should not be used as a scale-tipping one.
